Update mparticle.md (#6100)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/customer_data_platform/mParticle/mparticle.md

mParticle offers three ways to set cohort membership attributes, controlled by the "[Send Segments As](#send_settings)" configuration setting. The processing of each option is described in the following list:

> - **Single attribute** (default): mParticle will create a single custom attribute called `SegmentMembership`. The value of this attribute is a string of comma-separated mParticle audience IDs that match the user. These audience IDs can be found in the mParticle dashboard under **Audiences**. For example, if an mParticle audience "Ibiza dreamers" has an audience ID of "11036", you will be able to segment these users by the audience ID "11036" using a regular expression. This solution is not recommended if you have more than a few audiences because custom attributes are limited to 255 characters in length, so you will not be able to store dozens or hundreds of audiences on a user profile using this method. If you have a large number of cohorts per user, we strongly recommend the "one attribute per segment" configuration. ![mParticle segment membership][6]<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Single attribute** (default): mParticle will create a single custom attribute called `SegmentMembership`. The value of this attribute is a string of comma-separated mParticle audience IDs that match the user. These audience IDs can be found in the mParticle dashboard under **Audiences**. For example, if an mParticle audience "Ibiza dreamers" has an audience ID of "11036", you will be able to segment these users by the audience ID "11036" using a regular expression. This solution is not recommended if you have more than a few audiences because custom attributes can be up to 255 characters long, so you will not be able to store dozens or hundreds of audiences on a user profile using this method. If you have a large number of cohorts per user, we strongly recommend the "one attribute per segment" configuration. ![mParticle segment membership][6]<br><br>
```
